PLEASE DO NOT SIGN THIS INTO LAW.... we have laws already to protect the patients from retaliation, and the staffing of these facilities are still not going to open up if they aren't already due to job security.

I will be in Atlanta tomorrow; at the WAGES Board meeting on Wednesday; in the office on Thursday; and back in the field in South Florida on Friday morning through the weekend.

The residents of the area, however, were furious, even though their congressman, Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart (R - Fla.), attached language requiring the Army Corps of Engineers to offer owners of the 77 affected homes land elsewhere in the neighborhood.

I can only imagine how deeply these reports will be buried and we will be spending more money investigating nursing homes in an effort to improve them, but we won't have access, so why survey at all?

The center now has six different locations and once we have the funds to do renovations, this one location will enable us to be more responsive to community needs and to more efficiently use our resources to continue to serve the people of our county when life hurts.

I totaly support your decision to refuse the 3/4 million that Rupert Murdock wanted to kee the Dodgers in Vero Beach.

One major issue we requested is your help in obtaining an additional VA Regional Claims Office here in Florida to cut down on the long delays in the VA looking at claims here in Florida, sometimes, the Veteran has passed away before their claim is looked at, the Florida Veterans deserve better than this.

Too many 'parents' refuse to acknowledge that they are sending their children into laboratories of indoctrination every day -- radical measures are called for; we are in serious trouble.


Jeff, Thanks for the floor speech on 32 yesterday. It's always great to hear 'the boss' say that you're doing a good job and that Enron still has a lot in store for the future. You don't know how much that helps us motivate our guys and keep them focused on our goals. Victor

Tanner will be there! Do you know if any of our guys will be leaving early for Spring Break. I don't know if Greg responded to your request for a catchers mitt or not but I have one for back-up. Thanks for the note! Terrell

I totally understand. It sounds exciting though. I can't wait to hear the details. I am with Renee tonight, but I will be home tomorrow night. Why don't we talk then?? Good luck with everything!! -C
