Um, I'm going to tell you this is that I'm, I watched my father, Reverend Billy Bosler and myself being stabbed.

well i am on the count down monday at 200 pm i hope that this will be all over with.

I still can not believe that I had to 'beg' to get 2 daily hours of Personal Care Assistance (PCA) services for Lucy.

If so, wouldn't you be better off using a ouija board to arrive at your 90% figure?

They don't appreciate the value of a business plan, but a marketing plan is more to the point for them -- where's the money?

It sure would be cool not to have to visit a bar or restaurant and come out smelling like the bottom of an ashtray!

Also got the message loud and clear that you were not satisfied with this increase :).

The school doesn't want to lose football, but they don't mind losing French teachers.

OK, I'm a mindless idiot. And an embarrassed one at that. To which offer are you referring? Also, learned that PG&E's big 'want' in the Son of Gas Accord is a few hundred million to build more Tx and Local Tx. Sounds like this could have an IMMENSE negative impact on TW. You better get your fanny out here, like pronto. I sense death and destruction.

Excellent time! Look forward to keeping it going at the wedding, Elizabeth will be so impressed. Speaking of keeping it going, our good friend, Mr. Kimzey, called me last night drunk as rodeo goat at about 10 PM asking me to go out and party a little bit more. Did I miss something or did we not get our share this weekend? Apparently the weekend only caused Bryan to reflect on his current state of affairs. By chance it was just the welts on his forehead from crushing cans that caused him to start boozing all by his lonesome yesterday. Or perhaps he just wanted to enjoy the perks of first class. Let's hope it was the latter and had nothing to do with the frightful prospect of being a married man in just 6 weeks. Oh, by the way, I can assure you all Kimzey has not read a single one of these emails yet, and likely won't till about noon. Damn slackers over there at CSFB!
