Protection of the reserve is also expected to have significant fisheries benefits: increasing the size and abundance of grouper, snapper, and other sought-after species; 'spilling' juveniles and adults into surrounding fishing areas; and exporting larvae to augment depleted populations throughout the South Atlantic Bight.

The opportunity to use a prototype waiver may help to expedite Florida's efforts to expand the existing Consumer Directed Care program statewide over the next year and implement key objectives in the Consumer Directed Care Act which passed during this legislative session.

It was my intention only to share what I see as some areas for improvement, based principally upon my experience with the industry in general and specifically, with other state organizations who have made some rather dramatic strategic errors.

Especially important are the pending questions of broadening representation of children through Guardian ad Litem, attorneys ad litem, and strengthening the oversight/partnership functions of Foster Care Review, Child Advocacy Centers, and the network of treatment services for families and children.

I hesitate to write this, given that it seems the more you hear from environmentalists, the less inclined you are to support the cause.

Governor, With all due respect, how can we keep developing in areas such as Pinellas and Hillsborough, and at the same time have to use water police that issue tickets to people watering even potted plants?

This legislation would make it very difficult for injured consumers and the families of many sick and injured children to sue and obtain adequate compensation from the companies responsible for causing their injuries, destroying yet another safety net for many vulnerable children and families.

Dear Senator Kennedy: On behalf of the board and members of the National Parent Network on Disabilities (NPND) we are opposed to any amendments to the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) now or in the near future.

Andy and Dave -- Attached below is the working deal sheet with Enron and Accenture's most recent iterations and comments. If you all could review our feedback and let us know your thoughts, that would be great. Also, Dave, please let me know if you want to move forward with the counsel discussion on Monday. Informally and respectfully, I would like to comment on Enron's sentiment that we have had six weeks to think about some of these things and as a result, the ambiguity should already be gone. I appreciate this point-of-view, but also want to share my perspective with you all. I highlight these dynamics to explain, not excuse, our need to approach things the way that we have. That being said, I will reiterate that we would not even be performing this analysis (itself costly) if we did not have the highest regards for Enron, our collective ability to do well in the marketplace together, and a general bullishness for the value of this offering. I look forward to hearing from you all on Monday. Thanks, Peggy

