So, yes -- guilty as charged, because as her mother, I KNOW just how sick Ginger is... I'll never be for reunification -- can't people see the DISFUNCTION OF ALL FOUR CHILDREN NOW??

If parents feel so strongly that their kids should not attend a QUALITY PUBLIC SCHOOL because their religious beliefs, it should be up to the parents to fund their own intiatives... NOT RESIDENTS OF FLORIDA.

A little bird has told me that Sharon Mullane's name was not submitted to you.

I wish we lived in Florida and could support you directly -- maybe you'll run for President one day??

Please you have got to stop this and demand these companies and individual stores from gouging us into the dirt.

What I don't understand is why you and your brother keep trying to do things to help our society -- if you would simply do nothing, as the liberal democrats are known for, then it will be less easy for some to criticize -- your efforts.

As a veteran Democrat of 55 years recently registered of Republican persuasion because of certain early actions of your administration I didn't expect, and, frankly, the Clinton scandals which do not fit my moral beliefs, I was impressed with the subtle changes I saw on the Tallahassee scene since your arrival.

PS Water management is all over themselves trying to figure out what to do about getting Glades County access to the Lake in low water times.

britt, thanks your notes below. re bug issue -- noted. just one question; do you think we should notify our suppliers in view that, if there is a problem as a result of the bugs, we will have to proceed against them??? they would want to have a rep to view the testing as well, i would think. re joint testing -- pls copy eric tan on what needs to be done once a decision is made on where/when the testing will be done. re freight payment -- before offering to just pay the $500,000, do you think we should propose it be paid to an interest bearing escrow account pending the results of the joint testing (or whatever other 'pending' limitation you think might help us)?? rgds

Stuart, If Brian has been notified by the counterparty then that's sufficient -- please amend accordingly. Thanks and rgds, Nish

that is the quandary I have several people coming from different parts of Houston, I was hoping we had a pre-made one what do you think is the easiest way, yahoo? dq

