Okay, in order to make the, uh, curried chicken, I just fried the chicken,
Uh-huh.
until it was nice and brown, you know make sure it's nice and brown on both sides and then you take it out of the fat and you, you let the chicken you fried kind of drain, so that a lot of the oil comes out of it <cough>.
Uh-huh.
And then you, you, uh, pour most of the, all of the oil out of the pan and you kind of clean it out and you put back maybe two tablespoons full of the oil and saute some, um, bell peppers and onions in, in that little bit of oil. Maybe one tablespoon or two tablespoons, let that brown, then put all of the chicken back in there. And then you, uh, mix flour and a cup of water, maybe, uh, one tablespoon of flour and a cup of water. Stir it real, real well.
Uh-huh.
Then you, uh, pour that in there, you know, to make the gravy. And you let it come to a boil again and then you let it simmer and you add, uh, about a tablespoon of, what I'm using now is Jamaican curry powder.
Oh.
And that's going to, it's going to be really good <laughter>.
That's very spicy, too.
Yeah, it's, -
I mean these bell peppers and curry.
Right, and then if you like it really hot, you can add some hot, hot peppers and hot sauce and all that kind of stuff.
Oh, that sounds really good.
Yeah.
Huh. I guess it was, - is this dinner time for you?
Uh, well it will be in a little while, I'm trying to get it, get it ready early.
All done in advance, yeah. That's um, <throat_clearing> - I, uh, I'm, I'm not that great a cook but I was single until I was thirty so I did cook a little, you know.
Oh.
Uh, and I cook a little bit now. What I like to do mostly is stir fries and my wife normally says, oh, Tom, why, why don't you make a stir fry tonight and so we even, we just were recently married so we have a stir fry pan sort of like a big wok.
Uh-huh.
And we do a lot of, um, stir fry vegetables.
What kind of wok do you have, is it, is it a real Chinese wok.
It's, it's called a stir fry pan and it, and it fits right on your, uh, st-, it fits right on your burner, whether it's gas or electric so it's, it has a flatter bottom than a normal wok does.
Uh-huh. I see.